Update the XR documentation (#5480)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/vr/openxr/runtime_selection.rst

.. _doc_runtime_selection:

> Switching Runtimes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Switching runtimes
```

==================

> In OpenXR it is standard for each runtime to implement a mechanism for making it the current runtime. 
> In Steam, the Oculus application or Windows MR portal there will be an option to switch to their runtime as the current OpenXR runtime.
> 
> Generally speaking end users will have a prefered runtime and not having a reason to switch when playing 
> games that support OpenXR however developers may wish to test multiple runtimes to see if their game behaves. 
> To make this easy Godot provides a small drop down in the right top corner with which you can switch the runtime Godot will use when testing:
> 
> .. image:: img/switch_runtime.png
> 
> **Note:** 
>         Selecting a runtime in this dropdown only applies to your local session. 
>         It does not change the runtime used by other applications. 
>         Also if you are deploying to an external device this setting has no effect.
> 
> As OpenXR doesn't have a mechanism for registering runtimes that we can query Godot will check common locations for runtime configuration files.
> The locations that are checked are conveniently stored in the ``addons/godot_openxr/runtimes.json`` json file. 
> If you've installed a runtime in a nonstandard location or a runtime not currently present in this file you can add it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In OpenXR, it is standard for each runtime to implement a mechanism to make it
the current runtime.  In Steam, the Oculus application or Windows MR portal,
there will be an option to switch to their runtime as the current OpenXR runtime.

Generally speaking, end users will have a preferred runtime due to not having a reason
to switch runtimes when playing games that support OpenXR. However, developers may wish to
test multiple runtimes to see if their game behaves.

To make this easy, Godot provides a dropdown in the top-right corner which can
switch the runtime Godot will use when testing:

.. image:: img/switch_runtime.png

.. note::

    Selecting a runtime in this dropdown only applies to your local session. 
    It does **not** change the runtime used by other applications. 
    Also, if you are deploying to an external device, this setting has no effect.

As OpenXR doesn't have a mechanism for registering runtimes that we can query,
Godot will check common locations for runtime configuration files.
The locations that are checked are stored in the ``addons/godot_openxr/runtimes.json`` file.
If you've installed a runtime in a nonstandard location or a runtime not currently present in this file, you can add it manually using a text editor.
```

> .. seealso::   If the dropdown isn't shown in your editor please ensure the plugin is enabled. 
>             See :ref:`doc_enable_plugin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. seealso::

    If the dropdown isn't shown in your editor, make sure the plugin is enabled. 
    See :ref:`doc_enable_plugin`.
```
